Create rule S6551: Objects and classes converted or coerced to strings should define a "toString()" method (#1697)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6551/javascript/rule.adoc

When calling `toString()` or coercing into a string an object that doesn't implement its own `toString` method, it returns `[object Object]` which is often not what was intended.

== Why is this an issue?

> When using an object into a string context, one would probably want to expose its properties, so obtaining `[object Object]` is probably not the intended behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using an object in a string context, one would probably want to expose its properties, so obtaining `[object Object]` is probably not the intended behaviour and might even denote a bug.
```

Reviewer: There are a lot of "probably"-s in that sentence. (There are only two, but I feel that's already too much ^^)

Reviewer: > one would probably want to expose its properties

I don't think it's about "exposing properties" but rather providing a comprehensive representation of the sate of an object in a textual fashion.

Reviewer 2: "providing a comprehensive representation of the sate of an object in a textual fashion" is extremely verbose. Let's find some middle ground.

== How to fix it

You can simply define a `toString()` method for the object or class.

=== Code examples

==== Noncompliant code example

> [source,javascript,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]

Reviewer: What's the meaning of `diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant`. I feel like it's the first time I see these.

Reviewer 2: the future: https://github.com/SonarSource/rspec/blob/master/docs/description.adoc#diff-view
